Added a style guide for iris pytest (#5785)
SciTools/iris: docs/src/developers_guide/converting_from_unittest.rst

Author: That feels like I'd have to force it? contributing_to_pytset_conversion feels clunky

.. include:: ../common_links.inc

.. _converting_tests:

*******************************************
Converting From ``unittest`` to ``pytest``
*******************************************

Conversion Checklist
--------------------
.. note::
    Please bear in mind the following checklist is for general use; there may be
    some cases which require extra context or thought before implementing these changes.

#. Before making any manual changes, run https://github.com/dannysepler/pytestify
   on the file. This does a lot of the brunt work for you!
#. Check for references to :class:`iris.tests.IrisTest`. If a class inherits

>    from this, remove it. :class:`iris.tests.IrisTest` has been deprecated, and
>    replaced with the :mod:`iris.tests._shared_utils` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   from this, remove the inheritance. Inheritance is unnecessary for 
   pytest tests, so :class:`iris.tests.IrisTest` has been deprecated
   and its convenience methods have been moved to the 
   :mod:`iris.tests._shared_utils` module.
```

#. Check for references  to ``unittest``. Many of the functions within unittest
   are also in pytest, so often you can just change where the function is imported
   from.

> #. Check for references to `self.assert`. Pytest has a lighter-weight syntax for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Check for references to ``self.assert``. Pytest has a lighter-weight syntax for
```

   assertions, e.g. ``assert x == 2`` instead of ``assertEqual(x, 2)``. In the

>    case of custom assertions, the majority of these have been replicated in
>    :mod:`iris.tests._shared_utils`, but with snake_case instead of camelCase.
>    Some :class:`iris.tests.IrisTest` assertions have not been converted into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   case of custom :class:`~iris.tests.IrisTest` assertions, the majority of these
   have been replicated in
   :mod:`iris.tests._shared_utils`, but with snake_case instead of camelCase.
   Some custom assertions have not been converted into
```

>    :mod:`iris.tests._shared_utils`, as it was deemed these were easy to do
>    without.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :mod:`iris.tests._shared_utils`, as these were deemed easy to achieve via
   simple ``assert ...`` statements.
```

#. Check for references to ``setUp()``. Pytest recognises a specific method called
   ``_setup()`` instead. Ensure that this is decorated with

>    ``@pytest.fixture(autouse=True)``.

Reviewer: Not actually true - you can call the method whatever you like. The use of the fixture is what makes it work, and the underscore is for Ruff compliance because this method doesn't (normally) return anything.

If it's possible to do, this would be much clearer to understand as a 2-line code block.
